update readme (#1)
KseniyaKuzmina/how-to-load-image-tiles-from-another-source-by-creating-custom-data-provider-e4758: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E4758)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Map for WinForms - Create a Data Provider to Load Image Tiles from a Custom Source

> This example shows how to implement a custom provider of image tiles. To do this, create a [MapDataProviderBase](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraMap.MapDataProviderBase) class descendant and assign it to the [ImageLayer.DataProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraMap.ImageLayer.DataProvider?p=netframework) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to implement a custom image tile provider. To do this, create a [MapDataProviderBase](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraMap.MapDataProviderBase) class descendant and assign it to the [ImageLayer.DataProvider](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraMap.ImageLayer.DataProvider?p=netframework) property.
```

![Resulting map](Images/resulting-map.png)

> This example loads image tiles from a local cache. The image tiles are previously downloaded from a public server with OpenStreetMap tiles. A list of alternative OpenStreetMap image tile providers is available here: [OpenStreetMap: Tile usage policy](https://operations.osmfoundation.org/policies/tiles/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example loads image tiles from a local cache. The image tiles are downloaded in advance from a public server with OpenStreetMap tiles. A list of alternative OpenStreetMap image tile providers is available here: [OpenStreetMap: Tile usage policy](https://operations.osmfoundation.org/policies/tiles/).
```
